feat(retainer): add rate limiter for publishing retained messages (#14454)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-14454.en.md

> Introduce `max_publish_rate` option for the retaner. The option controls the maximum allowed rate of publishing retained messages. The messages that are published over the limit are delivered but not stored as retained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced `max_publish_rate` option for the retainer. The option controls the maximum allowed rate of publishing retained messages. The messages that are published over the limit are delivered but not stored as retained.
```

> Introduced `max_publish_rate` option for the retainer. The option controls the maximum allowed rate of publishing retained messages. The messages that are published over the limit are delivered but not stored as retained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Introduced `max_publish_rate` option for the retainer. The option controls the maximum allowed rate of publishing retained messages in each node. The messages that are published over the limit are delivered but not stored as retained.
```
